docs: fix misspelling and add installation guide in streetlights tutorial (#650)
asyncapi/website: pages/docs/tutorials/streetlights.md

- Based off the events, your application can make a decision regarding turning the streetlight off.
- Your application is not aware of how many streetlights are publishing events - it just connects to the broker and receives all events

# Installation Guide

You'll use Node.js to code the APIs and Mosquitto as the message broker. The selected technology is irrelevant here, since everything explained in this tutorial is applicable to any other programming language and message brokers.

Before you proceed to the next stage, you'll need to download a few things:

> 1. Install [NodeJs](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (v15 or newer).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (v15 or newer).
```

Author: Haha, get the typo on that 😄

- Based off the events, your application can make a decision regarding turning the streetlight off.
- Your application is not aware of how many streetlights are publishing events - it just connects to the broker and receives all events

# Installation Guide

You'll use Node.js to code the APIs and Mosquitto as the message broker. The selected technology is irrelevant here, since everything explained in this tutorial is applicable to any other programming language and message brokers.

> 

Reviewer: @luphieanza Let's keep the wording in the present tense because the idea is to guide them through it in the present.

If we use past tense verbs/words, then it implies the reader already did the work.

> Before you proceed to the next stage, you need to have a few things to get started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you proceed to the next stage, you'll need to download a few things:
```

> 1. Installed [NodeJs](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (v15 or newer) in your local system.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Install [NodeJs](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) (v15 or newer).
```

> 2. Installed Git in your local system according to the Operating System (OS) that you're used:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Install Git based on your Operating System (OS):
```

- [Install Git on MacOs](https://git-scm.com/download/mac)
- [Install Git on Windows](https://git-scm.com/download/win)
- [Install Git on Linux](https://git-scm.com/download/linux)

> You can also have other than git like homebrew or anything similar, adjust it to your needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Not convinced about this line, I would remove it.

### 6. Go back to the previous terminal and check if your application logged the streetlight condition you just sent, with errors related to the invalid message.

# Conclusion

> You've learned how to create an AsyncAPI description file and how to generate code from it. Today's sample code is only a bootstrap; you'll need to add your own business logic into it. Take some time to play with it. There are still lot of things to be covered, but the intent of this tutorial is to make it simple for you to get an idea of the potential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You've learned how to create an AsyncAPI description file and how to generate code from it. Today's sample code is only a bootstrap; you'll need to add your own business logic into it. Take some time to play with it. There are still lots of things to be covered, but the intent of this tutorial is to make it simple for you to get an idea of the potential.
```

We need to put this back to how it was. "Lot" is a spelling mistake here because you do not need a singular word here. 😄  We need the plural tense.
